Added get_glossary_terms to ABC to fix test mocking (#3463)
ministryofjustice/analytical-platform: python-libraries/data-platform-catalogue/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.16.1] 2024-02-20

### Added

> - a get_glossary_terms to ABC for catalogue client for mocking the catalogue in the tests

Author: ```suggestion
- a get_glossary_terms to catalogue ABC for mocking in pytest
```
